[SPEAKER_00]: So why don't you kind of show me where you are right now?
[SPEAKER_00]: What you think you've got done and what you just already took care of?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, right.
[SPEAKER_01]: So first of all, I have done these connections.
[SPEAKER_01]: Will this camera move towards us?
[SPEAKER_01]: I need to move.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I'm going to start tracking your hand.
[SPEAKER_01]: OK, all right.
[SPEAKER_01]: So first of all, these connections were done.
[SPEAKER_01]: through the radio to our amplifier.
[SPEAKER_01]: For these are like L side input and R side input both are connected to our radio.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then we have also done connected our speakers through these gray wires.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it goes to the back of our
[SPEAKER_01]: back of our amplifier okay right so it is connected over here okay so these two wires right and here is our power supply to power it up power this power supply is being used to power our radio yeah is the power supply on or off it's off it's off now yeah
[SPEAKER_00]: of the